MANIFESTO OF A CYBERPUNK

MY RULES

1. HARM NO ONE. If you can, make something better! Not worse.
2. HACK EVERYTHING. But don't let them hack yOU.
3. BUILD YOUR OWN STUFF. Don't go along with the crap they offer you: 
	It's cheap shit made for getting your money out of your bag.
		And for nothing more it is, what they offer you.
		
	Example: Why does a standard smartphone have a 3.00$-NFC chip 
	which barely no one is using and why does it NOT have a
	0.01 Cent IR-LED for controlling ANY TV, which EVERYONE would use?
	Because they want you to buy expensive crap which needs
	even more expensive crap to be used properly.
	
	Why do I have about 4 IR controllers at home in one room even though there 
	are this super smart smart phones with their super smart smart-apps which are 
	so smart that they  cannot do even the simplest task without complaining about
	updates and stuff?
	
	And it's ridiculous that a smartphone of today not even lasts half of a day
	for all that backround tracing and spying on you without giving you anything back 
	than
	"I won't do what you want, Frack You.
	Give me a break, I need an update, RIGHT NOW for doing nothing.
	And besides: Frack you twice."
	(Sounds like "Bring me a beer and shut up, biatch.")
	
	And that is why a cyberpunk has to build his own tech.
	
	A guy with the newest smartphone, an apple-iwatch and google glasses 
	is NOT a cyberpunk and will never be!
	
4. Have your own individual style. 

A punk in the old way had to wear at least an iro on his head. Or some other hairy thing.

A cyberpunk has to wear his own technology. A cyberpunk sticks out of the masses with his
individual style, which is so individual that no one can tell if a cyberpunk looks like a punk, 
a goth, a cowboy, an alien or some other type of guy. It could even be a camo-type of style so
you wear the "normal" stuff everyone other wears. But if two cyberpunks stand together and look 
almost the same, one of them is no cyberpunk - you can bet on that.

5. A cyberpunk has to smoke. If you don't smoke, you are no cyberpunk. Point. This is mandatory.
Because of: Smoking was allowed even in planes when I was born and now it is forbidden even in bars, where it belongs.
So, in terms of a punk, in a revolutionary way of thinking, a cyberpunk has to do the opposite of what the masses are doing,
and this is smoking whereever and whenever he can except for when it is allowed. There, for a cyberpunk, in terms of a punk 
and in a revolutionary way of thinking, where a punk and a cyberpunk have to do the opposite of what the masses are doing,
it is forbidden for a cyberpunk to smoke where it is "exclusively" allowed to smoke or to do some other anti-masses thing 
with allowance of the masses.

6. A cyberpunk gives a shit on the wheather and so should his technology. Or he gives a shit about his tech,
and goes out with it even if it rains like dogs barking. (Is that an english term? I'm german. I just invented
this: Raining like dogs barking. Did I?) No matter which way, a cyberpunk gives a shit on the wheather.
The more rain there is, the more he has to smoke against it. :)

7. A cyberpunk gives a shit on stuff which is written somewhere, except for manuals. So, this is no manual, it's
just an informatory piece of paper or pixels - because a cyberpunk cannot be manualized. In that way of thinking,
burn this after reading and forget it forever, wherelse you will never be a cyberpunk. Not in my eyes. Because

8. A cyberpunk gives a shit.